Women are often under-represented in the academic and professional fields of engineering, however many females have contributed to the diverse fields of engineering historically and currently.[1] A number of organizations and programs have been created to understand and overcome this tradition of gender disparity. Some have decried this gender gap, saying that it indicates the absence of potential talent.[1] Though the gender gap as a whole is narrowing, there is still a growing gap with minority women compared to their white counterparts.[1] Gender stereotypes, low rates of female engineering students, and engineering culture are factors that contribute to the current situation where men are dominated in the engineering field.Despite the great strides made toward gender equality over the last century, there are still a number of arenas where women are underrepresented in the workforce. Currently, engineering is one of those industries. Despite efforts being made to increase the number of females working in STEM fields according to the Congressional Joint Economic Committee, only 14 percent of all professionals working in the engineering are women. This number is drastically lower than the percentage of women who are part of the entire U.S. labor force as a whole. The Department of Labor reported women made up 47 percent of the country’s workforce as of 2010.  However, while engineering remains disproportionately filled by male professionals, the imbalance does not tell the whole story of the state of the industry. Though less than a quarter of engineers are female, that number has been consistently growing over the last several decades, adding a large number of qualified women to the engineering workforce. As more women choose to Despite the great strides made toward gender equality over the last century, there are still a number of arenas where women are underrepresented in the workforce. Currently, engineering is one of those industries. Despite efforts being made to increase the number of females working in STEM fields according to the Congressional Joint Economic Committee, only 14 percent of all professionals working in the engineering are women. This number is drastically lower than the percentage of women who are part of the entire U.S. labor force as a whole. The Department of Labor reported women made up 47 percent of the country’s workforce as of 2010.  However, while engineering remains disproportionately filled by male professionals, the imbalance does not tell the whole story of the state of the industry. Though less than a quarter of engineers are female, that number has been consistently growing over the last several decades, adding a large number of qualified women to the engineering workforce. As more women choose to 